[Minor] Update 1_getting_started.rst (#1947)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/debug/1_getting_started.rst

In the modified code above, the following changes were made:

1. Added an import for ``nvdlfw_inspect.api``.

> 2. Initialized the Nvidia-DL-Framework-Inspect by calling ``debug_api.initialize()`` with appropriate configuration, specifying the path to the config file, feature directories, and log directory. The directory with Transformer Engine features is located `here <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/tree/main/transformer_engine/debug/features>`_. The full parameters description could be found :doc:`here <3_te_3_api_debug_setup>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialized the Nvidia-DL-Framework-Inspect by calling ``debug_api.initialize()`` with appropriate configuration, specifying the path to the config file, feature directories, and log directory. The directory with Transformer Engine features is located `here <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/tree/main/transformer_engine/debug/features>`_. The full parameters description could be found `here <./3_te_3_api_debug_setup.rst>`.
```

> 2. Initialized the Nvidia-DL-Framework-Inspect by calling ``debug_api.initialize()`` with appropriate configuration, specifying the path to the config file, feature directories, and log directory. The directory with Transformer Engine features is located `here <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/tree/main/transformer_engine/debug/features>`_. The full parameters description could be found in the `documentation <https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-dlfw-inspect/blob/main/docs/getting_started.md#2-initializing-the-tool>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Initialized the Nvidia-DL-Framework-Inspect by calling ``debug_api.initialize()`` with appropriate configuration, specifying the path to the config file, feature directories, and log directory. The directory with Transformer Engine features is located `here <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/tree/main/transformer_engine/debug/features>`_. The full parameters description could be found :doc:`here <3_te_3_api_debug_setup>`.
```
